Upgrade from Debian Bookworm to Debian Trixie (#133)
jsf9k/gatherer: README.md

The images of this container are tagged with [semantic
versions](https://semver.org) of the underlying gatherer project that they
containerize.  It is recommended that most users use a version tag (e.g.
`:2.0.0`).

| Image:tag | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
|`cisagov/gatherer:2.0.0`| An exact release version. |
|`cisagov/gatherer:1.5`| The most recent release matching the major and minor version numbers. |

> |`cisagov/gatherer:1`| The most recent release matching the major version number. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`cisagov/gatherer:2.0`| The most recent release matching the major and minor version numbers. |
|`cisagov/gatherer:2`| The most recent release matching the major version number. |
```
